SKR tester: add documentation (#1688)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: testing/e2e/skr-tester/README.md

# SKR Tester

> The SKR Tester is used for integration testing of the Kyma Environment Broker. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SKR Tester is used for integration testing of Kyma Environment Broker. 
```

Reviewer: For proper names like Kyma Environment Broker, we don't use articles. "SKR Tester" seems to be a proper name as well, so I wouldn't use `the` with it.

> For more details on how to use the SKR Tester, please refer to the built-in CLI documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on how to use SKR Tester, see the built-in CLI documentation.
```
